# AI-Agent-for-Household-Refrigerator
Vapor Compressor Cycle Design
Within a limited design timeframe, determining the total cooling circuit length of a direct-cooling refrigerator is a crucial task in refrigeration circuit development. 
In this project, an AI based agent has been developed to perform this calculation within a user-friendly environment.
The developed system contains a database of 22_compressors from different manufacturers, including both inverter and non-inverter types. In addition, the dimensional specifications of up to 10 refrigerator volume dimension are included. Based on the selected compressor and refrigerator model, the agent can generate various design combinations.
In the condenser_section, ambient environmental conditions are incorporated into the design process, enabling the circuit design to adapt to different operating environments.
In the capillary_tube section, the agent determines two types of lengths: the adiabatic zone length and the non-adiabatic zone length. The non-adiabatic zone length provides the optimum length for the skin-type heat exchanger.
A direct-cooling refrigerator typically consists of two separate compartments: a freezer_cabinet and a refrigerator_cabinet. The developed agent calculates the required evaporator tube length to achieve the desired temperature conditions in both compartments.
Finally, the results generated by the AI agent are validated using experimental data. The overall deviation between the software predictions and the experimental results is found to be less than 5%.
Additionally, P–H and T–S diagrams are generated to visualize the thermodynamic state conditions of the refrigeration circuit.



# Input_Value ====
Enter condenser inlet temperature (°C): 72
Enter condenser outlet temperature (°C): 44.2
Enter air temperature (°C): 38
Enter Engine temperature (°C): 70
Enter evaporator temperature (°C): -30
Enter Freezer Compartment temperature (°C): -26.1
Enter Refrigerator Compartment temperature (°C): -2.5
Enter suction temperature (°C): 34.4
Enter compressor RPM: 3000
Enter fridge model: 163L
Enter compressor model: PZ65H1Y9

# RESULTS ==========
System Mass Flow Rate (kg/h): 0.979

# Condenser ----
Total Length : 18.52 m
L_vapor : 3.20 m
L_tp : 15.04 m
L_liq : 0.28 m

# Capillary_Tube ----
Total Length : 2.14 m
L_adibatic : 0.34 m
L_non_adibatic : 1.79 m

# Evaporator ----
Total Length : 13.66 m
Length_of_ Freezer Compartment(L_PC) : 4.66 m
Length_of_Freezer Compartment (L_FC) : 9.00 m

# Total_Circuit_Length ----
Total Length : 34.31 m


